Risk taking's out of control. Like,
people But, people lose everything, and
then they're like, "Whatever. Like, I'll
just put it I'll just make make I'll
make it back tomorrow." [laughter] Yeah,
I'll make it back tomorrow. It's like,
you know, if you're down If you were
working trading for Morgan Stanley,
you're down 5%, you're That's a terrible
year.
Hello and welcome to WSJ's Take on the
Week. I'm Miriam Gottfried, and joining
me today is my colleague Alex Saeedy. He
is a banking reporter, and he has the
distinct honor of sitting right next to
me in the newsroom. Welcome, Alex.
Hello, Miriam. So, welcome to the show.
We have bank earning season coming up.
These days, things are going really well
for banks. They are making a lot of
money, and every time there's a major
global event, it seems like they're
finding new ways to profit off of it and
be right in the mix. We also have talk
of deregulation of banks, so you could
say that banks are quietly booming right
now. And on that topic, we have a really
exciting conversation today, and we're
in a larger space to host that
conversation. Because joining us are two
people who have worked inside banks, who
are now translating that experience for
a TV audience. Today, we have Mickey
Down and Konrad Kay, the co-creators of
HBO's hit financial drama Industry.
Industry focuses on the lives of
20-somethings working in banking and
finance. The show's fourth season
premieres Sunday, January 11th, and
everyone, especially my husband, is
really excited about it. [laughter]
Welcome, Mickey and Konrad. Thanks,
guys. Good to have you on the show.
So, you both worked in banking, as I
said. Can you tell us a little bit about
your experience and why you thought it
would make for a good TV show? Me and
Konrad we met at university. We met at
Oxford, where there was a kind of I had
absolutely no intention of going into
finance when I went to university, but
there's a sort of culture there at
especially at that time, 2008.
Eight, actually. Just post-2008, where
there was a kind of still a drive to
get, I suppose, smart young graduates
into the financial services industry. Um
and there was a kind of, you know,
they'd come and they'd court you and
they'd take you for dinner, and
eventually you'd find yourself working
at one of these places.
Um and, you know, I was very ill-suited
to it. I'll just let Konrad speak to his
own experience, but I I found it very,
you know, I found it difficult. I was,
you know, I'm not a mathematician. Um
but, I did find it a sort of a
fascinating place, and I worked at
institution, you know, 200-300 year-old
institution surrounded by people who,
you know, had the kind of like
a lot of people who had like this sort
of their their class entrenched in them,
and it was a really type A personality
world, and it was, you know, I worked in
investment banking, so it was a much
more sort of slightly more cerebral,
slower pace than Konrad, who worked on a
trading floor at Morgan Stanley. But, it
just felt like, you know, there's
fascinating people. They're They're all
incredibly motivated and motivated by
kind of by the same thing, which is sort
of avarice, money,
success, ambition, and that just makes
for a really good drama. And then, the
reason, you know, our way into the show
was obviously you've seen that world
portrayed on TV and in literature and
film before, but our route into it was
from the bottom up, which is, you know,
the people with the least amount of
power trying to accrue power. Um which
is kind of what opened the show up for
us. Mickey said I worked on a trading
floor. So, he he was in He did IBD. I I
was a I worked in European equities for
a year at Morgan Stanley. Then I sold
American equities. I was just very, very
I mean, like, historically bad at the
job. Like, when I when I
When I was made redundant, my boss, who
was an Italian salesman, he was like, "I
really like hanging out with you. You're
the worst salesman I've ever worked
with." Like, how What was it like? It
was a [laughter] total inability to
There's a bit in season 2 of Industry
where Robert is like has this kind of
phobia of picking up the phone. I had
exactly the same thing, where I was
really I just had a kind of stage
fright. I didn't like the feeling of
picking up a phone to talk to an expert
about something which I knew nothing
about. It kind of put Mhm. pinch my
stomach in a really weird way. I just
couldn't do it. We've never worked on a
trading floor, but we cover finance day
in day out. We know how boring it can be
at times, but also how electric and
dramatic it can also be. And I think you
guys have done a great job capturing
that, certainly in the early seasons on
the bank floor. And I I do want to ask,
you know, season 4 is coming out. Um we
are spending less time at Pierpoint in
this season than in past ones, and we're
actually looking at a lot more of, you
know, the entities that are disrupting
banks these days. There are fintechs,
there are crypto firms, you have short
sellers, you have the media involved. I
guess, you know, I'd like to understand
a little bit more why you chose to focus
on this part of the financial universe
in this season, as opposed to, you know,
the core ground of banks, where Industry
has taken place for so many seasons so
far. Well, I mean, there's a a couple of
things. There's practical reasons,
there's sort of creative reasons.
There's
Firstly, obviously, you know, we were
writing from experience. The first
season was a slice-of-life show. It was
really about It was a kind of a YA show
about young people entering a workplace,
and that workplace just happened to be
something that me and Konrad had had
done.
Um but, it was kind of universal. It was
This is what it's like for a young
ambitious person to leave university and
go and work somewhere which is very, you
know, cutthroat and energetic and
frenetic, and that was the energy of
season 1. But, because the characters
had very little power, that's inherently
quite anti-dramatic, because they can't
actually drive story. So, when the by
the time they got to season 2, we'd
expanded it to the point where like they
were actually able to like drive story,
drive decisions, and Harper for, you
know, Harper for instance, her
relationship with Jesse Bloom actually
opened up her character for us, cuz we
were like, this is the person that when
she actually has a goal, she's the sort
of person that has her foot on the
accelerator in order to achieve that
goal, and that's sort of what the
character became. And then,
as, you know, the seasons continued,
season 3, there was a shift to Yasmin,
and it reflected, you know, a sort of a
quite different take on what it's like
to work at Pierpoint from the
perspective of someone that isn't like
Harper, someone that's a little bit
more,
you know, a little bit more like a deer
in the headlights. You know, there was
more soapy elements in season 3, and
it's always been a reflection of what me
and Konrad are interested in and want to
write about. And in season 3, it was ESG
and inclusion, and
we thought that was a kind of like
>> And bank failures.
>> And bank bank failures. And very of the
moment.
>> It was. And the practical reason is, you
know, we never know whether they're
going to come back for a season, so we
just blew the whole precinct
[clears throat] up in the beginning of
season 3, and we destroyed Pierpoint.
So, when we came back to season 4, we
were like, "What does it look like if
we,
you know, have a completely different um
institution that we're looking at?" And
it just felt quite right given,
you know, what's happening in fintech
and and tech in general, to to sort of
be in the nascent stages of a bank. This
is a thrilling season, you know, without
giving too much away, you know, it's
There's a lot of drama, and I would say
a big theme is fraud, right? And last
year was a huge year for fraud. I think
a lot of people didn't see it coming,
but through the unexpected collapses of
um First Republic,
uh Tricolor, the subprime auto lender,
uh Jamie Dimon very cryptically warned
there are cockroaches lingering in the
financial system. And I'm curious, like,
what do you guys think about fraud, you
know, given that you've worked in
finance? A big theme of the season was
storytelling. And so, like, that's and
and the link between kind of identity,
entrepreneurship, one of our writers had
this really good line of basically like,
you know, if you're a criminal and you
get away with it, you're an
entrepreneur.
>> [laughter]
>> So, Right.
>> So, there's there's a kind of there's a
sort of fake it till you make it energy
which the show has had the whole time.
And I'm not Look, I'm not I'm not saying
that like I'm not saying that It's not
as It's not as reductive as saying that
all entrepreneurs are criminals or vice
versa, but there's a kind of gossamer
thin line between
>> For sure. And like the like the
Elizabeth Holmes thing is a really good
example
>> Right. of what it's about. Like, in
terms of like, I'm sure there's a way
she rationalizes to her to to the the
the failure of the company or its
success, the idea of like, she just
wasn't given enough runway, cuz
eventually it would have become
successful.
>> Right. And I think, you know, again, not
to get into sports analogy, but one of
the characters definitely believes that
they if if we can reach terminal
velocity, doesn't really matter what we
did in the past, cuz we're going to be a
success in the present. Right. Um I
think that's why it's interesting to
focus on tech as well, cuz it's you're
It's a conflation of business and cult
of personality, which I just found
really interesting. And that's kind of
the That is kind of at the core of what
for for all there is of Konrad and me,
it's just to tell a really compelling
story. We're going to take a quick
break, and when we come back, we'll have
more about the next season of Industry
with Mickey Down and Konrad Kay.
All right. So, coincidentally, the
biggest banks in the country are
reporting their earnings. We have JP
Morgan on Tuesday, followed by Goldman
Sachs and Citi. Um one of their biggest
and best-performing businesses right now
are what we call their Wall Street arms.
That includes trading and investment
banking, where both of you guys have a
pedigree in, and it's something that
people want to understand more. And it's
half the reason you created the show,
right? There's a kind of an innate
curiosity about how this kind of opaque
and powerful industry works. And I
wanted to ask you guys, I mean, maybe we
can start with your background in sales
and trading, what makes a really
effective salesman uh in the highest
echelons of Wall Street? And beyond that
personal level, what, in your opinion,
builds like a great sales and trading
franchise and differentiates them from
one another? You're asking the wrong
group.
>> [laughter]
>> You have You have two worse people.
Yeah, exactly. I think if we knew that,
we wouldn't have been sat here.
>> Should we ask you what builds an
unsuccessful salesman?
>> [laughter]
>> Inability to pick up the phone.
I mean, look, I know I actually know
some quite successful sales guys still,
and they I think they would say, cuz
I've actually spoken to this about this,
just personality, really, genuinely.
Like, one of my good friends is a sales
trader at Barclays, and he's very good
at his job, but his is really It's just
like
He He effectively always explains it to
me, it's about trust, right? So, in your
stomach, so you you want you you know,
you're doing a big equity block,
you you immediately know without even
thinking about it who that guy is going
to be, because you've spent so much time
face-to-face with them, or because
you've taken them out on enough dinners
to know enough about their wife or their
kid, or And it sounds really It sounds
really basic, but it's a human It's a
It's a person-to-person business. Yeah.
>> And so, like, he he says that basically
all of his best his best trying best
clients, best trades just come from
having really intimate personal
relationships with people, which
>> I could never foster because I'm a very
antisocial person.
>> [laughter]
>> It's television. Um but it's
interesting, right? In such a
quantitative industry, right? About
dollars and cents, it's actually like
humanity. Um I I quite like in, you
know, the new season, there he's short
selling as like a really big new
alternative pathway that some of your
characters are going down. Um what do
you find interesting about short
sellers? And, you know, what what what
was it about them that you wanted to
showcase in the season? Cuz I agree
they're a fascinating group of people. I
have a colleague We have a colleague
who's writing a book about Hindenburg
right now.
>> the thing it was actually very useful
for us cuz it gives you the
you'll you'll see when you watch the
season that a lot of those investigative
Again, not to go into spoiler territory,
but a lot of the investigative strand
starts to feel a little bit like a
procedural or like a
or like a police like a police show,
really. And and that idea of
investigation and the idea of like a a
clear, to be reductive, villain. Yeah.
>> show. Yeah.
When we saw the when we thought about
the short selling community and what
they were trying to do, what they were
trying to expose, it feels incredibly
televisual and dramatic. So, how is how
can we we're going to stake something?
It's going to be us against the world.
It's going to be the thing that Mickey
said, the whole the wall there's a wall
of people saying one thing because
they're incentivized to via capital.
We're going to be a lone voice that's
going to say the exact opposite thing.
We're going to stake our reputation on
it. We're going to stake money on it.
And there's going to be a ticking clock
because there's literally when we put
the trade on,
the timing is everything. Right. So,
like there's so much from a dramatic
point of view, you've got the
investigative strand and you've got a
ticking clock. So, it was kind of like
catnip. I think people people have often
said that it's very difficult to root
for the characters in the show. But this
narrative construction has actually
allowed you to root for someone for the
first time. There is a there is a
scrappy underdog story at the center of
this which just hasn't been the case
before.
>> But I think their moral ambiguity is
like what makes the characters so
interesting. They're neither good nor
bad. They're just trying to succeed in
this world.
>> There's a character I mean there's I
won't again going to spoiler territory,
but like later on the season, a
character gives a speech to that effect
saying, you know, I'm my my my my
motivation and principle is a profit
motive. I mean, I'm not here to
basically be didactic about the sort of
morality of the thing I'm looking at.
I'm here to make money. Right.
>> And I think that's quite interesting as
well because in the same way that we
when we explored the ESG in season 3,
there was a question of like do people
are they sincere when they're pursuing
these sort of directives or is it just
another way of making money in a you
know, 2022 or whatever it was. I felt
that that's the same thing here. It's
like do I care about the fact that this
thing is, you know, is societal bad or
do I just want to make money out of I
cover private equity. You see a lot of
people from leaving the banks to work in
private equity to make more money. Maybe
they're going to hedge funds. Maybe
they're going elsewhere, starting their
own firms. Do you think banking has lost
its appeal to some degree for young
people or it's like less cool as a place
to work?
>> It's funny because I said before that
the people I know that are still in it
have these relationships people. But
when I actually like knuckle down and I
know very very few people in banking
now. Everyone that I started with has
pretty much gone to private equity,
hedge funds. And it's and it's I think
there was always that kind of like lily
pad stepping stone towards that world,
but I think even more so now. No one
wants to you know, be involved in People
want to feel like they're entrepreneurs
in this industry. They want to feel like
they're working for the
>> Yeah, I mean the biggest banks are huge
behemoths now. So, you're like a cog in
the machine. And I think the show really
reflects that.
>> older, people really don't like to have
that feeling of being part of a wider
superstructure. They feel like they want
to be self-starters or even even though
working brutal hours, they want to feel
like they're doing it on their own
terms, you know? I just wonder like does
this talent drain is what does this mean
for banks? I mean I'd be interested in
your thoughts on it, too, Alex. Yeah, I
mean, you guys highlight the culture
problems at some large investment banks,
right? It's not a place that often
empowers you, especially in the earlier
years.
Um and we've seen like private equity
firms, right? Are more aggressive in
their recruiting tactics.
Um and now there are more alternatives.
But it seems like nevertheless, the
promise of riches, right? And to take
someone who maybe came from a very
modest background and catapult you
towards the higher echelons still draws
people, I think. It's still a great
starting salary. Right. Yeah, and it's
still It's like it's a stepping stone.
>> Leagues above what you're going to earn
at a startup or at a at a junior law
firm or a journalist or whatever. For
sure.
>> [laughter]
>> There is a level There is a level of
even though you talked about the cool
factor or like it's not the '80s. Like
my dad worked for Salomon Brothers in
the '80s. Yeah.
>> And that was, you know, Michael Lewis
Yeah.
>> that kind of time. That was a sexy job.
>> Yeah.
>> And that that was like, you know, the
stories of the trading floors, the
pictures of the trading floors, the
cigarette smoke. Yeah, there was an
allure to it. And
and I guess the sheen really came off
off that, you know, after 2008. Yeah, to
some extent. And by the time me and
Mickey were sat in those banks, I think
the luster was definitely kind of off
it. But equally like
there you know, there's a certain it
appeals to a certain type of person to
work for a blue-blooded institution.
Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan. They have
they these the names, for better or
worse, carry a weight to them. I was
very I was said this to Mickey a million
times. I've said it in multiple
interviews, but like as a 21-year-old
carrying around a Morgan Stanley gym bag
felt a bit like driving a Lamborghini.
Cuz it was like a status symbol. Yeah,
no, no, no, but you know what I mean?
I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I
I I I I I I I I I I I But it was like it
was like it was a it was a way of it was
a way of conferring status and you you
yourself had no idea who you were. So,
it was insanely seductive.
>> an identity. I would I could walk into
the pub in my nice suit and tie and say
I work for Rothschild. Exactly. They'd
take me seriously. [laughter] Right. For
the first time in my life. Do you think
the show's made people more or less
interested in a career in finance
because like it shows, you know, such
like I mean, the some of the scenes are
just so painful to watch in a way, but
but like I heard that Oliver Stone's
Wall Street actually made people more
interested in Wall Street even though
like the characters were seen as being
despicable.
>> Absolutely. Well, absolutely because I
mean, in anything of this on this ilk,
anything said in this world has to feel
very seductive in this first act cuz you
have to basically convince the audience
to think that these people are having a
great time and they you have to lean in.
And then the third act is usually when
it all goes to hell and you you will be
able to perceive this thing is actually
going to not going to be edifying. It's
actually going to be, you know, it's
going to destroy them. And a lot of
finance bros just watch the first act
and just think, "Okay, that looks fun. I
can take drugs and like and have loads
of sex and that looks like rock and
roll." And they don't really watch the
third act where it feels like it all
implodes. And I think like it's weird
because I still get LinkedIn messages. I
check LinkedIn probably every once every
6 months just to see what's
>> [laughter]
>> what's going on down there. And I I
there's usually a slew of messages from
people being like, "You
bro, I love your show. Got me into
finance." Like some guy told me he
went [laughter] and did an MBA because
of the show.
>> Wow. Which is fun. I mean, like I don't
know. There's a level of There's a level
[laughter] of
There is a level of dishonesty as well
with the way people engage with this
thing, I think, where they're like they
watch Wall Street or they watch Industry
and they say these people are
sociopathic. They're dead-eyed.
When in fact, what they're really saying
is like I recognize parts in myself that
I haven't necessarily nurtured or I'm
too scared to think about. But like
those traits,
you know, avarice, blind ambition, they
they exist in everybody. Yeah.
>> So, it's like to to they're part of the
human experience, the spectrum of
experience.
>> No, totally. I mean, I was thinking
like, you know, the characters are
borderline sociopathic, like, you know,
in some in some scenes for sure. And a
lot of my experience watching this show
is like my husband watching it and me
watching over his shoulder and then
having to like literally walk away
because it's like too painful to watch
sometimes. I'm like, "Oh my god, I can't
believe they're doing this." But like
your characters really seem to thrive on
this risk-taking even though it often
leads to their own undoing. Right.
>> But like it made me think about like the
risk-taking that's become like so common
in our in like the culture of young
people today. Like, you know, with
people getting so into the meme stock
craze and like crypto and polymarket and
betting. Like do do you think all those
things sort of like
feed the interest in the show? Yeah, I I
I 100% agree. I think it's
I mean, it's like kind of thing it's
like this meme stocks and like
polymarket that feels like it's all
democratized finance for a lot of
people. But what I've seen is that as
you said like risk-taking is out of
control. Like people But people lose
everything and then they're like,
"Whatever. Like I'll just put it I'll
just make I'll make it back
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, I'll make it back tomorrow." It's
like, you know, if you're down if you
were working trading for Morgan Stanley,
you're down 5%. You're that's a terrible
>> [laughter]
>> You're like on your way out. People are
like down like 200%.
Young people as well have this like, you
know, this real
I'm talking about the generation behind
us and the one behind that. This idea of
like clout chasing, right? So, it's like
you need to be rich as quickly as
possible. They there's no like They're
impatient for the riches. But like
impatient for like riches beyond because
it has to go they're comparing
themselves to these YouTubers who are
like, you know, crashing Lamborghinis
for likes and stuff. It's like that kind
of relationship to money. They're like,
"Why Like they they got that in a week.
Why can't I get that in a
Our generation made loads of excuses for
wanting to be rich as well, I think. The
millennial generation and so on. It
wasn't very cool.
>> to have a social purpose behind your
riches, right? Yeah, have a social
purpose behind it. Exactly. Exactly. You
couldn't just say I want to make money
in a For money's sake. Some sort of
Brothers '80s version. And that has
really corroded that.
>> back in the last 10 years. Yeah, it's
come back. We had dinner with, you know,
a quite famous hedge fund manager a few
years ago and he said like
millennial he would never recruit
millennials because they had this weird
relationship with money. And he
[clears throat] would only recruit Gen Z
people, but he said half of Gen Z is
doesn't give
a damn about making money. And like and
but and sort of doesn't but doesn't, you
know, make excuses for that. And half of
them are just what Conrad said, the sort
of secure the bag mentality. Purely
profit motivated.
>> everything's profit motivated. Yeah.
Everything is everything is for clout.
Everything is how quickly you can put it
online and get laid or whatever.
>> [laughter]
>> I'm being serious. It's like It's a
pretty It's a pretty simple system these
people are following. That's definitely
reflected in the in the characters in
the industry.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah.
So, Alex, you've written a lot about the
lives of junior bankers in a series of
articles that kicked off in 2024. And
one of them followed the death of a BofA
junior banker.
And it showed that some bankers are
junior bankers are working you know 100
hours a week or more on a regular basis
and I couldn't help thinking about
industry when I was reading your
articles.
How closely do you think the show
matches your reporting?
I mean I certainly say some of the
experiences in season 1
had some eerie similarities both in the
experience of these
really hard working youngsters. It's
often the ones who are from the less
privileged backgrounds who are doing
double time to prove they belong. It was
it was very eerie in some ways how
similar
the story you guys told was to the
reality of a situation that happened in
New York in 2024 and I guess you know
just briefly I mean
there was a death of a banker in London
in 2013 and he was an intern. Did that
inform some of your storytelling?
Yeah it's happened several times. It
feels like I think that's one of the
things that people were most shocked by.
I mean obviously we were depicting this
world where everyone is incredibly
ambitious and they're working very long
hours and people that was kind of alien
to a lot of people but the idea that
actually you're going to you know lose
your life because of this ambition I
think it was just really quite shocking
and I think that that's
that kind of was a root in because you
know
you can say what you want about the
characters they're sociopaths or
whatever but like we wanted to show
there are stakes that kind of ambition
and we didn't want to be didactic we
didn't want to say like do not go into
it it's not a PSA don't go into banking
because this is what's going to happen
to you but there are it was good to show
actually like there are this is there is
a version of this
it can happen yeah and there's a version
of this which is going to hollow you
out. In your reporting have you found
there's been any kind of evolution in
you know work life balance? Yeah it's
interesting. I would say that there are
some institutions that have proactively
tried to put in place formal guardrails
that will ensure okay like you need to
like make sure you're only logging these
many hours if by Thursday you're already
above a certain like threshold we're
going to try to pull you off of more
work and I have I know people at
institutions where that has actually
helped them. I know another bank where
they actually put in place new rules
after our reporting about how the old
rules weren't working
where now there's actually a formal
complaint mechanism that juniors can
activate when they feel like their
superiors are overburdening them with
work and I've been told this is actually
like helping people feel like they have
a lifeboat when that wasn't there
previously. At the same time
these are like formal systems we're
talking about and banking and many
industries right it is a culture
and it is mostly created by people who
have been there for a really long time
and who feel this sort of need to like
have people
progress through their careers as they
themselves did. We're going to take a
quick break. When we come back we'll
have one final question for Mickey Down
and Conrad Kay of Industry.
>> [music]
>> So
we've talked a lot about the pathology
of your characters and I want to put
like a hypothetical to you guys.
How do you think two of the more
cutthroat characters in the show Harper
and Eric how do you think they would
play the Venezuela reopening trade? Do
[laughter] you think would they be
willing you know to maybe look past a
few sanctions try to talk to some people
close to the government? Like what do
you how do you think they would approach
you know a Trump trade in in our day and
age? I think there's an evolution in
attitude towards what people the
characters are doing throughout the
season which is really interesting and
I'd have to you'd have to ask me is the
is the is the Harper and Eric at the end
of season 4 the same as the one at the
start of season 4 and would their
reaction to that trade be the same? I'd
say from where we leave them off in
season 3 Harper would absolutely do that
trade.
>> [laughter]
>> I was I was I was in the gym I was
texting Mickey about this when he was
traveling I was just like there's a I
say there's this really old guy I have
no idea who he was he's on Bloomberg TV
and he's talking about investment
opportunities in Venezuela and I was
like this is
something in the pit of my stomach was
just so reviled by the whole thing. I
found it so I found it actually and I
don't I very rarely get a reaction like
this I just found it so disgusting
I was just the idea of it it just
I think it's kind of abhorrent and
But it's it is the trade everyone's
trade they're doing on right [laughter]
now. It's the nature of the world but
it's there's if you don't take stock of
this stuff or sometimes you there or
what's Absolutely absolutely. Right now
then the ceaseless chase after money and
you kind of forget the monetization of
the event is crazy. That's just the
financialization of everything over the
last 20 years is crazy and like if you
don't think that it
if you can't see the negative side of it
then I can't help you. That is the
operating system that we're exploring in
this show as well like people who are
behaving like that and are constantly
chasing money.
I think without that there wouldn't
really be a show.
>> [laughter]
>> Right it's a 21st century nihilism and
you guys do a great job at depicting it.
And with that we're going to have to
wrap it up. All right. Thank you so much
for joining us Mickey Down and Conrad
Kay. Thank you.
>> [music]
[music]
>> I don't want to spoil anything right but
I thought this sort of like younger
enterprising person I saw a little bit
of myself in it. That sounds a lot like
you Alex.
>> [laughter]
[music]